Add Contributing instructions (#4)
InnerSourceCommons/working-group-roles: README.md

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9609562/220431948-2b362022-7d6f-47d5-b211-6a1811509ada.png)

Your roles documentation site should be live at https://innersourcecommons.github.io/your-working-group/!

## Contributing

* Prefer asterisk formatting of lists rather than hyphen formatting.
See [this discussion](https://nickang.com/2018-03-05-markdown-bullet-points-hyphen-asterisk/).

> * Write each new sentence on a new line. GitHub allows leaving comments on a line-by-line basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Write each new sentence on a new line.
GitHub allows leaving comments on a line-by-line basis.
```

Following the rule :)

> Review and comment on the content of submitted text is much easier if there are multiple lines on-which to leave comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reviewing and commenting the submitted text is much easier if there are multiple lines on which to leave comments.
```

The "on the content" did not seem to add extra value.

Also looked up "on-which" in the [dictionary](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/on-which) and could not find it :)
